docs/content/en/sentry/options.md, before:

---
title: Options
description: 'Options can be passed to Sentry using either environment variables'
position: 4
category: Sentry
---

Options can be passed using either:
 - environment variables
 - `sentry` object in `nuxt.config.js`
 - when registering the module: `modules: [['@nuxtjs/sentry', {/*options*/}]]`

The `config`, `serverConfig` and `clientConfig` options can also be configured using [Runtime Config](/sentry/runtime-config).

Normally, just setting DSN would be enough.

### dsn

- Type: `String`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DSN || ''`
- If no `dsn` is provided, Sentry will be initialised, but errors will not be logged. See [#47](https://github.com/nuxt-community/sentry-module/issues/47) for more information about this.

### lazy

- Type: `Boolean` or `Object`
- Default: `false`
- Load Sentry lazily so it's not included in your main bundle
- If `true` then the default options will be used:
```js
  {
    injectMock: true,
    injectLoadHook: false,
    mockApiMethods: true,
    chunkName: 'sentry',
    webpackPrefetch: false,
    webpackPreload: false
  }
```
- Options:
  - **injectMock**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `true`
    - Whether a Sentry mock needs to be injected that captures any calls to `$sentry` API methods while Sentry has not yet loaded. Captured API method calls are executed once Sentry is loaded
    > When `injectMock: true` this module will also add a window.onerror listener. If errors are captured before Sentry has loaded then these will be reported once Sentry has loaded using sentry.captureException
    ```js [pages/index.vue]
    beforeMount() {
      // onNuxtReady is called _after_ the Nuxt.js app is fully mounted,
      // so Sentry is not yet loaded when beforeMount is called
      // But when you set injectMock: true this call will be captured
      // and executed after Sentry has loaded
      this.$sentry.captureMessage('Hello!')
    },
    ```

  - **injectLoadHook**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - By default Sentry will be lazy loaded once `window.onNuxtReady` is called. If you want to explicitly control when Sentry will be loaded you can set `injectLoadHook: true`. The module will inject a `$sentryLoad` method into the Nuxt.js context which you need to call once you are ready to load Sentry
    ```js [layouts/default.vue]
    ...
    mounted() {
      // Only load Sentry after initial page has fully loaded
      // (this example should behave similar to using window.onNuxtReady though)
      this.$nextTick(() => this.$sentryLoad())
    }
    ```

  - **mockApiMethods**
    - Type: `Boolean` or `Array`
    - Default `true`
    - Which API methods from `@sentry/browser` should be mocked. You can use this to only mock methods you really use.
    - This option is ignored when `injectMock: false`
    - If `mockApiMethods: true` then all available API methods will be mocked
    > If `injectMock: true` then _captureException_ will always be mocked for use with the window.onerror listener
    ```js [nuxt.config.js]
    sentry: {
      lazy: {
        mockApiMethods: ['captureMessage']
      }
    }
    ```

    ```js [pages/index.vue]
    mounted() {
      this.$sentry.captureMessage('This works!')

      this.$sentry.captureEvent({
        message: `
          This will throw an error because
          captureEvent doesn't exists on the mock
        `
      })

      // To circumvent this problem you could use $sentryReady
      (await this.$sentryReady()).captureEvent({
        message: `
          This will not throw an error because
          captureEvent is only executed after
          Sentry has been loaded
        `
      })
    }
    ```

  - **chunkName**
    - Type: `String`
    - Default: `'sentry'`
    - The _webpackChunkName_  to use, see [Webpack Magic Comments](https://webpack.js.org/API/module-methods/#magic-comments)

  - **webpackPrefetch**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - Whether the Sentry chunk should be prefetched

  - **webpackPreload**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - Whether the Sentry chunk should be preloaded

### runtimeConfigKey

- Type: `String`
- Default: `sentry`
- Specified object in Nuxt config in `publicRuntimeConfig[runtimeConfigKey]` will override some options at runtime. See documentation at https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-runtime-config/
- Used to define the environment at runtime for example

### disabled

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLED || false`
- Sentry will not be initialised if set to `true`.

### disableClientSide

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_CLIENT_SIDE || false`

### disableServerSide

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_SERVER_SIDE || false`

### initialize

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_INITIALIZE || true`
- Can be used to add the `$sentry` object without initializing it, which will result in not reporting errors to Sentry when they happen but not crashing on calling the Sentry APIs.

### logMockCalls

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `true`
- Whether to log calls to the mocked `$sentry` object in the console
- Only applies when mocked instance is used (when `disabled`, `disableClientSide` or `disableServerSide` is `true`)

### publishRelease

- Type: `Boolean` or [`WebpackPluginOptions`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin)
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_PUBLISH_RELEASE || false`
- Enables Sentry releases for better debugging using source maps. Uses [@sentry/webpack-plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin).
- Publishing releases requires the organization slug, project name and the Sentry authentication token to be provided. Those can be provided either via the `WebpackPluginOptions` object or [environment variables or a properties file](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/#sentry-cli-working-with-projects). So for example, when using the options object, you'd set `authToken`, `org` and `project` options, and when using the environment variables you'd set `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN`, `SENTRY_ORG` and `SENTRY_PROJECT`.
- It's recommended to pass a configuration object to this option rather than using the boolean `true`. When using the boolean, you have to provide the required options through other means mentioned above.
- The releases are only published when this option is enabled and at the same time you are NOT running in development (`nuxt dev`) mode.
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information. Note that the Sentry CLI options mentioned in the documentation typically have a [@sentry/webpack-plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin) equivalent.

Example configuration:

```js
sentry: {
  // ...
  publishRelease: {
    authToken: '<token>',
    org: 'MyCompany',
    project: 'my-project',
    // Attach commits to the release (requires that the build triggered within a git repository).
    setCommits: {
      auto: true
    }
  }
}
```

### sourceMapStyle

- Type: `String`
- Default: `source-map`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- The type of source maps generated when publishing release to Sentry. See https://webpack.js.org/configuration/devtool for a list of available options
- **Note**: Consider using `hidden-source-map` instead. For most people, that should be a better option but due to it being a breaking change, it won't be set as the default until next major release

### attachCommits

- Deprecated - Set `publishRelease.setCommits.auto = true` instead.
- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_AUTO_ATTACH_COMMITS || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`

### repo

- Deprecated - use `publishRelease.setCommmits.repo` instead.
- Type: `String`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_RELEASE_REPO || ''`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true && attachCommits = true`
- Alternatively this can be set using `publishRelease.setCommmits.repo` option.

### disableServerRelease

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_SERVER_RELEASE || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information

### disableClientRelease

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_CLIENT_RELEASE || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information

### clientIntegrations

- Type: `Object`
- Default:
```js
 {
    Dedupe: {},
    ExtraErrorData: {},
    ReportingObserver: {},
    RewriteFrames: {},
    Vue: {attachProps: true, logErrors: this.options.dev}
 }
```
- Sentry by default also enables these browser integrations: `InboundFilters`, `FunctionToString`, `TryCatch`, `Breadcrumbs`, `GlobalHandlers`, `LinkedErrors`, `UserAgent`. Their options can be overridden by specifying them manually in the object.
- Here is the list of client integrations that are supported: `Breadcrumbs`, `CaptureConsole`, `Debug`, `Dedupe`, `ExtraErrorData`, `FunctionToString`, `GlobalHandlers`, `InboundFilters`, `LinkedErrors`, `ReportingObserver`, `RewriteFrames`, `TryCatch`, `UserAgent`, `Vue`.
- See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/default/ and  https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/plugin/ for more information on configuring integrations


### serverIntegrations
- Type: `Object`
- Default:
```js
  {
    Dedupe: {},
    ExtraErrorData: {},
    RewriteFrames: {},
    Transaction: {}
  }
```
- Here is a list of server integrations that are supported: `CaptureConsole`, `Debug`, `Dedupe`, `ExtraErrorData`, `RewriteFrames`, `Modules`, `Transaction`.
- See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/node/pluggable-integrations/ for more information

### tracing

- Type: `Boolean` or `Object`

<alert type="info">

  `@sentry/tracing` should be installed manually when using this option (it is currently a dependency of `@sentry/node`)

</alert>

- Default: `false`
- Enables the BrowserTracing integration for client performance monitoring
- Takes the following object configuration format (default values shown):
```js
  {
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
    vueOptions: {
      tracing: true,
      tracingOptions: {
        hooks: [ 'mount', 'update' ],
        timeout: 2000,
        trackComponents: true
      }
    },
    browserOptions: {}
  }
```
- Sentry documentation strongly recommends reducing the `tracesSampleRate` value; it should be between 0.0 and 1.0 (percentage of requests to capture)
- The `vueOptions` are passed to the `Vue` integration, see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/#monitor-performance for more information
- `browserOptions` are passed to the `BrowserTracing` integration, see https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/master/packages/tracing for more information

### config

- Type: `Object`
- Default:
```js
  {
    environment: this.options.dev ? 'development' : 'production'
  }
```
- Sentry options common to the server and client that are passed to `Sentry.init(options)`. See Sentry documentation at https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/configuration/options/
- Note that `config.dsn` is automatically set based on the root `dsn` option
- The value for `config.release` is automatically inferred from the local repo unless specified manually
- Do not use `config.integrations`, use clientIntegrations or serverIntegrations

### serverConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Specified key will override common Sentry options for server sentry plugin

### clientConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Specified keys will override common Sentry options for client sentry plugin

### webpackConfig

- Deprecated - use `publishRelease` instead.
- Type: `Object`
- Default: Refer to `module.js` since defaults include various options that also change dynamically based on other options.
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- Options passed to `@sentry/webpack-plugin`. See documentation at https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin/blob/master/README.md

### requestHandlerConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Options passed to `requestHandler` in `@sentry/node`. See: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/node/guides/express/

Commit message:

docs: add info on how to disable default integrations (#381)

docs/content/en/sentry/options.md, after:

---
title: Options
description: 'Options can be passed to Sentry using either environment variables'
position: 4
category: Sentry
---

Options can be passed using either:
 - environment variables
 - `sentry` object in `nuxt.config.js`
 - when registering the module: `modules: [['@nuxtjs/sentry', {/*options*/}]]`

The `config`, `serverConfig` and `clientConfig` options can also be configured using [Runtime Config](/sentry/runtime-config).

Normally, just setting DSN would be enough.

### dsn

- Type: `String`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DSN || ''`
- If no `dsn` is provided, Sentry will be initialised, but errors will not be logged. See [#47](https://github.com/nuxt-community/sentry-module/issues/47) for more information about this.

### lazy

- Type: `Boolean` or `Object`
- Default: `false`
- Load Sentry lazily so it's not included in your main bundle
- If `true` then the default options will be used:
```js
  {
    injectMock: true,
    injectLoadHook: false,
    mockApiMethods: true,
    chunkName: 'sentry',
    webpackPrefetch: false,
    webpackPreload: false
  }
```
- Options:
  - **injectMock**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `true`
    - Whether a Sentry mock needs to be injected that captures any calls to `$sentry` API methods while Sentry has not yet loaded. Captured API method calls are executed once Sentry is loaded
    > When `injectMock: true` this module will also add a window.onerror listener. If errors are captured before Sentry has loaded then these will be reported once Sentry has loaded using sentry.captureException
    ```js [pages/index.vue]
    beforeMount() {
      // onNuxtReady is called _after_ the Nuxt.js app is fully mounted,
      // so Sentry is not yet loaded when beforeMount is called
      // But when you set injectMock: true this call will be captured
      // and executed after Sentry has loaded
      this.$sentry.captureMessage('Hello!')
    },
    ```

  - **injectLoadHook**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - By default Sentry will be lazy loaded once `window.onNuxtReady` is called. If you want to explicitly control when Sentry will be loaded you can set `injectLoadHook: true`. The module will inject a `$sentryLoad` method into the Nuxt.js context which you need to call once you are ready to load Sentry
    ```js [layouts/default.vue]
    ...
    mounted() {
      // Only load Sentry after initial page has fully loaded
      // (this example should behave similar to using window.onNuxtReady though)
      this.$nextTick(() => this.$sentryLoad())
    }
    ```

  - **mockApiMethods**
    - Type: `Boolean` or `Array`
    - Default `true`
    - Which API methods from `@sentry/browser` should be mocked. You can use this to only mock methods you really use.
    - This option is ignored when `injectMock: false`
    - If `mockApiMethods: true` then all available API methods will be mocked
    > If `injectMock: true` then _captureException_ will always be mocked for use with the window.onerror listener
    ```js [nuxt.config.js]
    sentry: {
      lazy: {
        mockApiMethods: ['captureMessage']
      }
    }
    ```

    ```js [pages/index.vue]
    mounted() {
      this.$sentry.captureMessage('This works!')

      this.$sentry.captureEvent({
        message: `
          This will throw an error because
          captureEvent doesn't exists on the mock
        `
      })

      // To circumvent this problem you could use $sentryReady
      (await this.$sentryReady()).captureEvent({
        message: `
          This will not throw an error because
          captureEvent is only executed after
          Sentry has been loaded
        `
      })
    }
    ```

  - **chunkName**
    - Type: `String`
    - Default: `'sentry'`
    - The _webpackChunkName_  to use, see [Webpack Magic Comments](https://webpack.js.org/API/module-methods/#magic-comments)

  - **webpackPrefetch**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - Whether the Sentry chunk should be prefetched

  - **webpackPreload**
    - Type: `Boolean`
    - Default: `false`
    - Whether the Sentry chunk should be preloaded

### runtimeConfigKey

- Type: `String`
- Default: `sentry`
- Specified object in Nuxt config in `publicRuntimeConfig[runtimeConfigKey]` will override some options at runtime. See documentation at https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-runtime-config/
- Used to define the environment at runtime for example

### disabled

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLED || false`
- Sentry will not be initialised if set to `true`.

### disableClientSide

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_CLIENT_SIDE || false`

### disableServerSide

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_SERVER_SIDE || false`

### initialize

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_INITIALIZE || true`
- Can be used to add the `$sentry` object without initializing it, which will result in not reporting errors to Sentry when they happen but not crashing on calling the Sentry APIs.

### logMockCalls

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `true`
- Whether to log calls to the mocked `$sentry` object in the console
- Only applies when mocked instance is used (when `disabled`, `disableClientSide` or `disableServerSide` is `true`)

### publishRelease

- Type: `Boolean` or [`WebpackPluginOptions`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin)
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_PUBLISH_RELEASE || false`
- Enables Sentry releases for better debugging using source maps. Uses [@sentry/webpack-plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin).
- Publishing releases requires the organization slug, project name and the Sentry authentication token to be provided. Those can be provided either via the `WebpackPluginOptions` object or [environment variables or a properties file](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/#sentry-cli-working-with-projects). So for example, when using the options object, you'd set `authToken`, `org` and `project` options, and when using the environment variables you'd set `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN`, `SENTRY_ORG` and `SENTRY_PROJECT`.
- It's recommended to pass a configuration object to this option rather than using the boolean `true`. When using the boolean, you have to provide the required options through other means mentioned above.
- The releases are only published when this option is enabled and at the same time you are NOT running in development (`nuxt dev`) mode.
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information. Note that the Sentry CLI options mentioned in the documentation typically have a [@sentry/webpack-plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin) equivalent.

Example configuration:

```js
sentry: {
  // ...
  publishRelease: {
    authToken: '<token>',
    org: 'MyCompany',
    project: 'my-project',
    // Attach commits to the release (requires that the build triggered within a git repository).
    setCommits: {
      auto: true
    }
  }
}
```

### sourceMapStyle

- Type: `String`
- Default: `source-map`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- The type of source maps generated when publishing release to Sentry. See https://webpack.js.org/configuration/devtool for a list of available options
- **Note**: Consider using `hidden-source-map` instead. For most people, that should be a better option but due to it being a breaking change, it won't be set as the default until next major release

### attachCommits

- Deprecated - Set `publishRelease.setCommits.auto = true` instead.
- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_AUTO_ATTACH_COMMITS || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`

### repo

- Deprecated - use `publishRelease.setCommmits.repo` instead.
- Type: `String`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_RELEASE_REPO || ''`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true && attachCommits = true`
- Alternatively this can be set using `publishRelease.setCommmits.repo` option.

### disableServerRelease

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_SERVER_RELEASE || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information

### disableClientRelease

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `process.env.SENTRY_DISABLE_CLIENT_RELEASE || false`
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- See https://docs.sentry.io/workflow/releases for more information

### clientIntegrations

- Type: `Object`
- Default:
  ```js
  {
    Dedupe: {},
    ExtraErrorData: {},
    ReportingObserver: {},
    RewriteFrames: {},
    Vue: {attachProps: true, logErrors: this.options.dev}
  }
  ```
- Sentry by default also enables these browser integrations: `InboundFilters`, `FunctionToString`, `TryCatch`, `Breadcrumbs`, `GlobalHandlers`, `LinkedErrors`, `UserAgent`. Their options can be overridden by specifying them manually in the object.
- Here is the full list of client integrations that are supported: `Breadcrumbs`, `CaptureConsole`, `Debug`, `Dedupe`, `ExtraErrorData`, `FunctionToString`, `GlobalHandlers`, `InboundFilters`, `LinkedErrors`, `ReportingObserver`, `RewriteFrames`, `TryCatch`, `UserAgent`, `Vue`.
- User-provided configuration is merged with the default configuration so to disable integration that is enabled by default, you have to pass `false` as a value. For example to disable `ExtraErrorData` integration (only), set the option to:
  ```js
  {
    ExtraErrorData: false
  }
  ```
- See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/default/ and  https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/plugin/ for more information on the integrations and their configuration


### serverIntegrations
- Type: `Object`
- Default:
  ```js
  {
    Dedupe: {},
    ExtraErrorData: {},
    RewriteFrames: {},
    Transaction: {}
  }
  ```
- Here is the full list of server integrations that are supported: `CaptureConsole`, `Debug`, `Dedupe`, `ExtraErrorData`, `RewriteFrames`, `Modules`, `Transaction`.
- User-provided configuration is merged with the default configuration so to disable integration that is enabled by default, you have to pass `false` as a value. For example to disable `ExtraErrorData` integration (only), set the option to:
  ```js
  {
    ExtraErrorData: false
  }
  ```
- See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/node/pluggable-integrations/ for more information on the integrations and their configuration

### tracing

- Type: `Boolean` or `Object`

<alert type="info">

  `@sentry/tracing` should be installed manually when using this option (it is currently a dependency of `@sentry/node`)

</alert>

- Default: `false`
- Enables the BrowserTracing integration for client performance monitoring
- Takes the following object configuration format (default values shown):
```js
  {
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
    vueOptions: {
      tracing: true,
      tracingOptions: {
        hooks: [ 'mount', 'update' ],
        timeout: 2000,
        trackComponents: true
      }
    },
    browserOptions: {}
  }
```
- Sentry documentation strongly recommends reducing the `tracesSampleRate` value; it should be between 0.0 and 1.0 (percentage of requests to capture)
- The `vueOptions` are passed to the `Vue` integration, see https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/#monitor-performance for more information
- `browserOptions` are passed to the `BrowserTracing` integration, see https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/master/packages/tracing for more information

### config

- Type: `Object`
- Default:
```js
  {
    environment: this.options.dev ? 'development' : 'production'
  }
```
- Sentry options common to the server and client that are passed to `Sentry.init(options)`. See Sentry documentation at https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/configuration/options/
- Note that `config.dsn` is automatically set based on the root `dsn` option
- The value for `config.release` is automatically inferred from the local repo unless specified manually
- Do not use `config.integrations`, use clientIntegrations or serverIntegrations

### serverConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Specified key will override common Sentry options for server sentry plugin

### clientConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Specified keys will override common Sentry options for client sentry plugin

### webpackConfig

- Deprecated - use `publishRelease` instead.
- Type: `Object`
- Default: Refer to `module.js` since defaults include various options that also change dynamically based on other options.
- Only has effect when `publishRelease = true`
- Options passed to `@sentry/webpack-plugin`. See documentation at https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin/blob/master/README.md

### requestHandlerConfig

- Type: `Object`
- Default: `{}`
- Options passed to `requestHandler` in `@sentry/node`. See: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/node/guides/express/
